Hello guys will come back in a previous section.
Adam Pearson has walked us through on how to build in features using Anglia mail and see.
In this section we will learn how to create user profile and address API.
Why do we need these two.
Because we don't use information.
It would be almost impossible to know who they are and where they're from and would be hard for sellers
to ship the product.
We need to create this crucial API before we proceed for a profile.
We want to see use information like name and picture address is for the sellers to ship.
We will learn specifically how to combine get and post under one route name in the next video.
We will learn how to create our custom middleware.
I'll see us in next few.